README.md, before:

# A Rust Cookbook &emsp; [![Build Status]][travis]

[Build Status]: https://api.travis-ci.org/brson/rust-cookbook.svg?branch=master
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/brson/rust-cookbook

**[Read it here]**.

This _Rust Cookbook_ is a collection of simple examples that
demonstrate good practices to accomplish common programming tasks,
using the crates of the Rust ecosystem.

These examples are complete, and suitable for copying directly into
new cargo projects. They are tested and guaranteed to work.

[Read it here]: https://brson.github.io/rust-cookbook

## Contributing

This project is intended to be easy for new Rust programmers to
contribute to, and an easy to way get involved with the Rust
community. It needs and welcomes help.

For details see [CONTRIBUTING.md] on GitHub.

[CONTRIBUTING.md]: https://github.com/brson/rust-cookbook/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

## License

Rust Cookbook is licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or
   http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Rust Cookbook by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Changed license to CC0 https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

README.md, after:

# A Rust Cookbook &emsp; [![Build Status]][travis]

[Build Status]: https://api.travis-ci.org/brson/rust-cookbook.svg?branch=master
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/brson/rust-cookbook

**[Read it here]**.

This _Rust Cookbook_ is a collection of simple examples that
demonstrate good practices to accomplish common programming tasks,
using the crates of the Rust ecosystem.

These examples are complete, and suitable for copying directly into
new cargo projects. They are tested and guaranteed to work.

[Read it here]: https://brson.github.io/rust-cookbook

## Contributing

This project is intended to be easy for new Rust programmers to
contribute to, and an easy to way get involved with the Rust
community. It needs and welcomes help.

For details see [CONTRIBUTING.md] on GitHub.

[CONTRIBUTING.md]: https://github.com/brson/rust-cookbook/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

## License [![CC0-badge]][CC0-deed]

Rust Cookbook is licensed under Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal License
([LICENSE-CC0](LICENSE-CC0) or https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode)

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Rust Cookbook by you, as defined in the CC0-1.0 license, shall be
[dedicated to the public domain][CC0-deed] and licensed as above, without any additional
terms or conditions.

[CC0-deed]: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en
[CC0-badge]: https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/80x15/svg/cc-zero.svg
