src/links.md, before:

<!--
Links, in a few categories. Follow the existing structure.
Keep lines sorted.
-->

<!-- Categories -->

[cat-caching-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/caching--x.svg?style=social
[cat-caching]: https://crates.io/categories/caching
[cat-command-line-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/command_line--x.svg?style=social
[cat-command-line]: https://crates.io/categories/command-line-interface
[cat-compression-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/compression--x.svg?style=social
[cat-compression]: https://crates.io/categories/compression
[cat-config-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/config--x.svg?style=social
[cat-config]: https://crates.io/categories/config
[cat-concurrency-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/concurrency--x.svg?style=social
[cat-concurrency]: https://crates.io/categories/concurrency
[cat-cryptography-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/cryptography--x.svg?style=social
[cat-cryptography]: https://crates.io/categories/cryptography
[cat-debugging-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/debugging--x.svg?style=social
[cat-debugging]: https://crates.io/categories/debugging
[cat-development-tools-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/development_tools--x.svg?style=social
[cat-development-tools]: https://crates.io/categories/development-tools
[cat-encoding-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/encoding--x.svg?style=social
[cat-encoding]: https://crates.io/categories/encoding
[cat-filesystem-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/filesystem--x.svg?style=social
[cat-filesystem]: https://crates.io/categories/filesystem
[cat-hardware-support-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/hardware_support--x.svg?style=social
[cat-hardware-support]: https://crates.io/categories/hardware-support
[cat-net-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/net--x.svg?style=social
[cat-net]: https://crates.io/categories/network-programming
[cat-no-std-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/no_std--x.svg?style=social
[cat-no-std]: https://crates.io/categories/no-std
[cat-os-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/OS--x.svg?style=social
[cat-os]: https://crates.io/categories/os
[cat-rendering-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/rendering--x.svg?style=social
[cat-rendering]: https://crates.io/categories/rendering
[cat-rust-patterns-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/rust_patterns--x.svg?style=social
[cat-rust-patterns]: https://crates.io/categories/rust-patterns
[cat-time-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/time--x.svg?style=social
[cat-time]: https://crates.io/categories/date-and-time
[cat-science-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/science--x.svg?style=social
[cat-science]: https://crates.io/categories/science
[cat-text-processing-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/text_processing--x.svg?style=social
[cat-text-processing]: https://crates.io/categories/text-processing

<!-- Crates -->

[base64-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/base64.svg?label=base64
[base64]: https://docs.rs/base64/
[bitflags-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/bitflags.svg?label=bitflags
[bitflags]: https://docs.rs/bitflags/
[byteorder-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/byteorder.svg?label=byteorder
[byteorder]: https://docs.rs/byteorder/
[cc-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/cc.svg?label=cc
[cc]: https://docs.rs/cc
[chrono-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/chrono.svg?label=chrono
[chrono]: https://docs.rs/chrono/
[clap-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/clap.svg?label=clap
[clap]: https://docs.rs/clap/
[crossbeam-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/crossbeam.svg?label=crossbeam
[crossbeam]: https://docs.rs/crossbeam/
[csv-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/csv.svg?label=csv
[csv]: https://docs.rs/csv/
[data-encoding-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/data-encoding.svg?label=data-encoding
[data-encoding]: https://docs.rs/data-encoding/
[env_logger-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/env_logger.svg?label=env_logger
[env_logger]: https://docs.rs/env_logger/
[error-chain-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/error-chain.svg?label=error-chain
[error-chain]: https://docs.rs/error-chain/
[flate2-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/flate2.svg?label=flate2
[flate2]: https://docs.rs/flate2/
[glob-badge]:https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/glob.svg?label=glob
[glob]: https://docs.rs/glob/
[hyper-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/hyper.svg?label=hyper
[hyper]: https://docs.rs/hyper/
[image-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/image.svg?label=image
[image]: https://docs.rs/image/
[lazy_static-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/lazy_static.svg?label=lazy_static
[lazy_static]: https://docs.rs/lazy_static/
[log-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/log.svg?label=log
[log4rs-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/log4rs.svg?label=log4rs
[log4rs]: https://docs.rs/log4rs/
[log]: https://docs.rs/log/
[memmap-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/memmap.svg?label=memmap
[memmap]: https://docs.rs/memmap/
[num-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/num.svg?label=num
[num]: https://docs.rs/num/
[num_cpus-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/num_cpus.svg?label=num_cpus
[num_cpus]: https://docs.rs/num_cpus/
[rand-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/rand.svg?label=rand
[rand]: https://docs.rs/rand/
[rayon-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/rayon.svg?label=rayon
[rayon]: https://docs.rs/rayon/
[regex-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/regex.svg?label=regex
[regex]: https://docs.rs/regex/
[reqwest-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/reqwest.svg?label=reqwest
[reqwest]: https://docs.rs/reqwest/
[ring-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/ring.svg?label=ring
[ring]: https://docs.rs/ring/
[same_file-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/same_file.svg?label=same_file
[same_file]: https://docs.rs/same-file/
[select-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/select.svg?label=select
[select]: https://docs.rs/select/
[semver-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/semver.svg?label=semver
[semver]: https://docs.rs/semver/
[serde-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/serde.svg?label=serde
[serde-json-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/serde_json.svg?label=serde_json
[serde-json]: https://docs.serde.rs/serde_json/
[serde]: https://docs.rs/serde/
[std-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/std-1.19.0-blue.svg
[std]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std
[syslog-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/syslog.svg?label=syslog
[syslog]: https://docs.rs/syslog/
[tar-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/tar.svg?label=tar
[tar]: https://docs.rs/tar/
[tempdir-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/tempdir.svg?label=tempdir
[tempdir]: https://docs.rs/tempdir/
[threadpool-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/threadpool.svg?label=threadpool
[threadpool]: https://docs.rs/threadpool/
[toml-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/toml.svg?label=toml
[toml]: https://docs.rs/toml/
[url-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/url.svg?label=url
[url]: https://docs.rs/url/
[walkdir-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/walkdir.svg?label=walkdir
[walkdir]: https://docs.rs/walkdir/

Commit message:

Add example for formatting chrono::DateTime
* Add link to date-and-time-badge at badge-cache.kominick.com
* Add link to date-and-time category at crates.io
* Add all necessary document structure related to the aformentioned

See also: #324

src/links.md, after:

<!--
Links, in a few categories. Follow the existing structure.
Keep lines sorted.
-->

<!-- Categories -->

[cat-caching-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/caching--x.svg?style=social
[cat-caching]: https://crates.io/categories/caching
[cat-command-line-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/command_line--x.svg?style=social
[cat-command-line]: https://crates.io/categories/command-line-interface
[cat-compression-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/compression--x.svg?style=social
[cat-compression]: https://crates.io/categories/compression
[cat-config-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/config--x.svg?style=social
[cat-config]: https://crates.io/categories/config
[cat-concurrency-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/concurrency--x.svg?style=social
[cat-concurrency]: https://crates.io/categories/concurrency
[cat-cryptography-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/cryptography--x.svg?style=social
[cat-cryptography]: https://crates.io/categories/cryptography
[cat-date-and-time-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/date_and_time--x.svg?style=social
[cat-date-and-time]: https://crates.io/categories/date-and-time
[cat-debugging-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/debugging--x.svg?style=social
[cat-debugging]: https://crates.io/categories/debugging
[cat-development-tools-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/development_tools--x.svg?style=social
[cat-development-tools]: https://crates.io/categories/development-tools
[cat-encoding-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/encoding--x.svg?style=social
[cat-encoding]: https://crates.io/categories/encoding
[cat-filesystem-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/filesystem--x.svg?style=social
[cat-filesystem]: https://crates.io/categories/filesystem
[cat-hardware-support-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/hardware_support--x.svg?style=social
[cat-hardware-support]: https://crates.io/categories/hardware-support
[cat-net-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/net--x.svg?style=social
[cat-net]: https://crates.io/categories/network-programming
[cat-no-std-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/no_std--x.svg?style=social
[cat-no-std]: https://crates.io/categories/no-std
[cat-os-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/OS--x.svg?style=social
[cat-os]: https://crates.io/categories/os
[cat-rendering-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/rendering--x.svg?style=social
[cat-rendering]: https://crates.io/categories/rendering
[cat-rust-patterns-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/rust_patterns--x.svg?style=social
[cat-rust-patterns]: https://crates.io/categories/rust-patterns
[cat-time-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/time--x.svg?style=social
[cat-time]: https://crates.io/categories/date-and-time
[cat-science-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/science--x.svg?style=social
[cat-science]: https://crates.io/categories/science
[cat-text-processing-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/text_processing--x.svg?style=social
[cat-text-processing]: https://crates.io/categories/text-processing

<!-- Crates -->

[base64-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/base64.svg?label=base64
[base64]: https://docs.rs/base64/
[bitflags-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/bitflags.svg?label=bitflags
[bitflags]: https://docs.rs/bitflags/
[byteorder-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/byteorder.svg?label=byteorder
[byteorder]: https://docs.rs/byteorder/
[cc-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/cc.svg?label=cc
[cc]: https://docs.rs/cc
[chrono-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/chrono.svg?label=chrono
[chrono]: https://docs.rs/chrono/
[clap-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/clap.svg?label=clap
[clap]: https://docs.rs/clap/
[crossbeam-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/crossbeam.svg?label=crossbeam
[crossbeam]: https://docs.rs/crossbeam/
[csv-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/csv.svg?label=csv
[csv]: https://docs.rs/csv/
[data-encoding-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/data-encoding.svg?label=data-encoding
[data-encoding]: https://docs.rs/data-encoding/
[env_logger-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/env_logger.svg?label=env_logger
[env_logger]: https://docs.rs/env_logger/
[error-chain-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/error-chain.svg?label=error-chain
[error-chain]: https://docs.rs/error-chain/
[flate2-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/flate2.svg?label=flate2
[flate2]: https://docs.rs/flate2/
[glob-badge]:https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/glob.svg?label=glob
[glob]: https://docs.rs/glob/
[hyper-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/hyper.svg?label=hyper
[hyper]: https://docs.rs/hyper/
[image-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/image.svg?label=image
[image]: https://docs.rs/image/
[lazy_static-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/lazy_static.svg?label=lazy_static
[lazy_static]: https://docs.rs/lazy_static/
[log-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/log.svg?label=log
[log4rs-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/log4rs.svg?label=log4rs
[log4rs]: https://docs.rs/log4rs/
[log]: https://docs.rs/log/
[memmap-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/memmap.svg?label=memmap
[memmap]: https://docs.rs/memmap/
[num-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/num.svg?label=num
[num]: https://docs.rs/num/
[num_cpus-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/num_cpus.svg?label=num_cpus
[num_cpus]: https://docs.rs/num_cpus/
[rand-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/rand.svg?label=rand
[rand]: https://docs.rs/rand/
[rayon-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/rayon.svg?label=rayon
[rayon]: https://docs.rs/rayon/
[regex-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/regex.svg?label=regex
[regex]: https://docs.rs/regex/
[reqwest-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/reqwest.svg?label=reqwest
[reqwest]: https://docs.rs/reqwest/
[ring-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/ring.svg?label=ring
[ring]: https://docs.rs/ring/
[same_file-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/same_file.svg?label=same_file
[same_file]: https://docs.rs/same-file/
[select-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/select.svg?label=select
[select]: https://docs.rs/select/
[semver-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/semver.svg?label=semver
[semver]: https://docs.rs/semver/
[serde-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/serde.svg?label=serde
[serde-json-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/serde_json.svg?label=serde_json
[serde-json]: https://docs.serde.rs/serde_json/
[serde]: https://docs.rs/serde/
[std-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/badge/std-1.19.0-blue.svg
[std]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std
[syslog-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/syslog.svg?label=syslog
[syslog]: https://docs.rs/syslog/
[tar-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/tar.svg?label=tar
[tar]: https://docs.rs/tar/
[tempdir-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/tempdir.svg?label=tempdir
[tempdir]: https://docs.rs/tempdir/
[threadpool-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/threadpool.svg?label=threadpool
[threadpool]: https://docs.rs/threadpool/
[toml-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/toml.svg?label=toml
[toml]: https://docs.rs/toml/
[url-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/url.svg?label=url
[url]: https://docs.rs/url/
[walkdir-badge]: https://badge-cache.kominick.com/crates/v/walkdir.svg?label=walkdir
[walkdir]: https://docs.rs/walkdir/
