src/text.md, before:

# Text Processing

| Recipe | Crates | Categories |
|--------|--------|------------|
| [Verify and extract login from an email address][ex-verify-extract-email] | [![regex-badge]][regex] [![lazy_static-badge]][lazy_static] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing] |
| [Extract a list of unique #Hashtags from a text][ex-extract-hashtags] | [![regex-badge]][regex] [![lazy_static-badge]][lazy_static] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing] |
| [Extract phone numbers from text][ex-phone] | [![regex-badge]][regex] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing] |
| [Filter a log file by matching multiple regular expressions][ex-regex-filter-log] | [![regex-badge]][regex] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing]
| [Replace all occurrences of one text pattern with another pattern.][ex-regex-replace-named] | [![regex-badge]][regex] [![lazy_static-badge]][lazy_static] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing] |

[ex-verify-extract-email]: text/regex.html#verify-and-extract-login-from-an-email-address
[ex-extract-hashtags]: text/regex.html#extract-a-list-of-unique-hashtags-from-a-text
[ex-phone]: text/regex.html#extract-phone-numbers-from-text
[ex-regex-filter-log]: text/regex.html#filter-a-log-file-by-matching-multiple-regular-expressions
[ex-regex-replace-named]: text/regex.html#replace-all-occurrences-of-one-text-pattern-with-another-pattern

{{#include links.md}}

Commit message:

Implement the FromStr trait for a custom struct (#509)
* added Text Processing > String Parsing > Implement the FromStr trait for a custom struct

* Implement the FromStr trait for a custom struct

* fixed formatting

* fixed formatting

src/text.md, after:

# Text Processing

| Recipe | Crates | Categories |
|--------|--------|------------|
| [Verify and extract login from an email address][ex-verify-extract-email] | [![regex-badge]][regex] [![lazy_static-badge]][lazy_static] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing] |
| [Extract a list of unique #Hashtags from a text][ex-extract-hashtags] | [![regex-badge]][regex] [![lazy_static-badge]][lazy_static] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing] |
| [Extract phone numbers from text][ex-phone] | [![regex-badge]][regex] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing] |
| [Filter a log file by matching multiple regular expressions][ex-regex-filter-log] | [![regex-badge]][regex] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing]
| [Replace all occurrences of one text pattern with another pattern.][ex-regex-replace-named] | [![regex-badge]][regex] [![lazy_static-badge]][lazy_static] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing] |
| [Implement the `FromStr` trait for a custom `struct`][string_parsing-from_str] | [![std-badge]][std] | [![cat-text-processing-badge]][cat-text-processing] |

[ex-verify-extract-email]: text/regex.html#verify-and-extract-login-from-an-email-address
[ex-extract-hashtags]: text/regex.html#extract-a-list-of-unique-hashtags-from-a-text
[ex-phone]: text/regex.html#extract-phone-numbers-from-text
[ex-regex-filter-log]: text/regex.html#filter-a-log-file-by-matching-multiple-regular-expressions
[ex-regex-replace-named]: text/regex.html#replace-all-occurrences-of-one-text-pattern-with-another-pattern

[string_parsing-from_str]: text/string_parsing.html#implement-the-fromstr-trait-for-a-custom-struct

{{#include links.md}}
